Fix jpg support in the wms-overlays plugin. (#302)
cosmoscout/cosmoscout-vr: docs/changelog.md

* Back-face culling of LOD-Bodies does now work properly.
* Fixed black LOD-Bodies if no image channel is selected initially.

> * The wms-overlays plugin now correctly uses jpeg instead of png, if an opaque layser is selected and jpeg is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `csp-wms-overlays` plugin now correctly uses jpeg instead of png, if an opaque layer is selected and jpeg is available.
```
